1. Financial intermediaries that assist companies and governments raise capital and can provide other services, such as strategic advisory services, brokerage and dealing services, and research services; also known as merchant banks. ---investment bank

2. The equity issuance is called an initial public offering (IPO) because it is the first time the company sells shares to the public.

3. The investment bank’s analysts—often called sell-side analysts because they work for the organisation selling the securities—will collect and analyse information about the company and its competitors and prepare a detailed report that can be shared with potential investors.

4. have to file quarterly financial statements and audited annual financial statements. Auditors will evaluate the company’s internal controls and financial reporting and ensure that investors receive relevant and reliable financial information, a key feature of well-functioning financial markets. 

5.The designation “individual investor” is self-explanatory; an individual investor is simply a person who has investments. In contrast, institutional investors are typically organisations that invest either for themselves to advance their missions or on behalf of others.

6.Institutional investors that invest to advance their missions include the following:

Pension plans, which hold and manage investment assets for the benefit of future and already retired people, called beneficiaries.
Endowment funds, which are long-term funds of not-for-profit institutions, such as universities, colleges, schools, museums, theatres, opera companies, hospitals, and clinics.
Foundations, which are grant-making institutions funded by financial gifts and by the investment income that they produce.
Sovereign wealth funds, which typically invest a government’s surpluses. Governments may accumulate surpluses by collecting taxes in excess of current spending needs, by selling natural resources, or by financing the trade of goods and services. These surpluses are usually invested. Some governments with significant surpluses have created sovereign wealth funds to invest their surpluses for the benefit of current and future generations of their citizens.

7.Brokers and dealers are trading service providers that facilitate this trading. Brokers act as agents—that is, they do not trade directly with investors but help buyers and sellers find and trade with each other. In contrast, dealers act as principals—that is, they use their own accounts and their own capital to trade with buyers and sellers in what is known as proprietary trading. They “make markets” in securities by acting as buyers when investors want to sell and as sellers when investors want to buy. They often have thousands of clients so if one client wants to sell shares at a certain price, the dealer can usually identify another client who is willing to buy the shares at a similar price. Brokers and dealers both provide liquidity and help reduce transaction costs; as mentioned earlier, liquidity and low transaction costs are beneficial to investors.

8.Financial planners typically help individuals understand their future financial needs and define their investment goals.

9.Other participants that provide trading services include clearing houses and settlement agents, which confirm and settle trades after they have been agreed on. Custodians and depositories hold money and securities on behalf of their clients.
