1. An important feature that characterises a well-functioning investment industry is the availability of a broad range of investment opportunities that meets investors’ needs. 

2. Investors may also choose to save through investment vehicles that exist solely to hold investments on behalf of their shareholders, partners, or unitholders (units refer to shares and bonds for equity and debt securities, respectively). The ownership interests of these companies are called pooled investment vehicles because investors in these vehicles pool their money for common management. 

3.Investment industry participants may also buy and sell various real and financial assets and then package them to create new assets that suit the needs of investors better than the original assets.

4.Investment industry participants may also buy and sell various real and financial assets and then package them to create new assets that suit the needs of investors better than the original assets. 

5. The investment industry offers services of value to investors including planning, management, information, and trading services.

6. Investors benefit when financial markets are competitive. Competitive markets lead to fair prices, which ensure that buyers pay and sellers receive a reasonable and satisfactory price.

7.Investors also benefit when financial markets are liquid and transaction costs are low. As mentioned earlier, liquidity ensures that investors can quickly buy or sell an asset without affecting its price. Transaction costs are the costs associated with trading. Because transaction costs reduce the return savers make on their investments, the lower the transaction costs, the better.

8.Another important feature of a well-functioning investment industry is the ability to deal with risk. Risk refers to the effect of uncertain future events on an organisation or on the outcomes the organisation achieves.

9.Trust is essential to the proper functioning of the financial system in general and the investment industry in particular. 

10. Laws and regulations are necessary to ensure that investors are treated fairly and honestly. Usually, laws are passed by a legislative body. Regulations are created by agencies.

11. Laws and regulations are designed to
prevent fraud,
protect investment industry participants, in particular investors, and
promote and maintain the integrity, transparency, and fairness of financial markets.

12.individuals who work in the investment industry behave ethically, in accordance with a set of moral principles, and act professionally, and
organisations promote cultures of integrity.

13. In a competitive market, there are many buyers and sellers, and none of them has undue influence on supply or demand. 

14. Among other things, laws and regulations are designed to promote and maintain the integrity, transparency, and fairness of financial markets.
