1. The investment industry is a subset of the financial services industry. It comprises all the participants that are instrumental in helping savers invest their money and helping spenders raise capital in financial markets. 

2. The investment industry and its participants do not exist in isolation; they operate within economic systems that vary from country to country.  A goal of most economic systems is the efficient allocation of scarce resources to their most productive uses.

3. Resources, such as labour, real assets, and financial capital, are necessary to produce goods and services. Desire for goods and services is unlimited, but resources are limited. 

4. Capitalism is an economic system that promotes private ownership as the means of production and markets as the means of allocating scarce resources. 

5.The investment industry contributes to the efficient allocation of resources in the economy. ( the investment industry is instrumental in channelling funds between savers who have money to invest and those who need money to finance businesses and projects.)

6.The investment industry plays an important role in providing and processing information about investment opportunities. It helps investors collect and analyse data about economies and information about individuals, companies, and governments. It also assists investors in determining the value of real and financial assets. 

7. Investment industry participants package investment opportunities so that they satisfy the needs of investors. In particular, the investment industry offers a wide range of services and products that makes it easier for savers to invest.

8. The investment industry also provides liquidity. Liquidity refers to the ease of buying or selling an asset without affecting its price.

9. Liquidity is a very important aspect of well-functioning financial markets. Highly liquid markets allow investors to complete a transaction quickly (and to reverse it quickly if they change their minds) and to have confidence that they are getting a fair price at that particular moment.

10. Functions of Investment Industry to Economic growth

1. Channeling of funds between Savers and users

2. It helps in the efficient allocation of resources

3. It also helps to provide and process information about investment opportunities

4. It helps to provide liquidity in the financial market

11. Real estate is an inherently illiquid asset, requiring substantial time to buy or sell, even if it is fairly priced.(The assets that are least liquid are those that are not publicly quoted on a recognised exchange. So, you have to buy and sell the whole thing at a price to be negotiated and not just little bits of it at a transparently evolving market price.)

12. In free market capitalism, most assets are owned, and most business decisions are made by private parties with the central authority (e.g., government) making minimal economic decisions. In the real world, the government plays an economic role in all economies, even in market-driven economies, but its role is minimised in a capitalist system. A is incorrect. In free market capitalism, all assets, including natural resources, are privately owned. C is incorrect. In free market capitalism, government plays no role in directing economic activity and is certainly not in competition with private businesses.
