1. Financial institutions are types of financial intermediaries. Their role is to collect money from savers and to invest it in financial assets. The two major types of financial institutions are banks and insurance companies.

2.Banks collect deposits from savers and transform them into loans to borrowers. Banks are also called deposit-taking institutions (or depository institutions) because they take deposits. 
   .Retail banks provide banking products and services to individuals and small businesses. These products and services include checking and savings accounts, debit and credit cards, and mortgage and personal loans.
   .Co-operative and mutual banks are financial institutions that their members own and sometimes run. They may specialise in providing mortgages and loans to their members. Some co-operative and mutual banks may offer a wider range of products and services, similar to those offered by commercial banks. 
   
 3.If the banks cannot collect sufficient money from their borrowers, the banks will have to use their owners’ capital to pay their debts.2 The risk of losing capital should focus the banks’ attention so that they do not offer credit foolishly. However, notable lapses occasionally occur, such as in the run-up to the financial crisis of 2008. 
 
 4.Insurance companies help individuals and companies offset the risks they face. To protect themselves against a potential loss, individuals and companies buy insurance contracts (also known as policies) that provide payments in the event that losses occur.
 
 5.There are two main types of insurance companies: property and casualty insurers that cover assets such as homes, cars, and businesses, and legal liability and life insurers that pay out a sum of money upon death or serious injury of the person insured.
 
 6. ISSUES: 1)Fraud occurs when people deliberately cause or falsely report losses to collect insurance settlements. 2)Moral hazard occurs when people are less careful about avoiding losses once they have purchased insurance. Moral hazard potentially leads to losses occurring more often with insurance than without. 3)Adverse selection occurs when only those who are most at risk buy insurance, causing insured losses to be greater than average losses.

7. Insurance companies are investors because they invest insurance premiums to help cover expected future claims.
